SMTChecker: Bring back assertions in "external_calls" SMTChecker tests (#15204)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Error Reporting: Unimplemented features are now properly reported as errors instead of being handled as if they were bugs.
 * EVM: Support for the EVM version "Prague".
 * SMTChecker: Add CHC engine check for underflow and overflow in unary minus operation.

>  * SMTChecker: Passing all SMT tests now requires Eldarica in addition to Z3.

Author: @nikola-matic , Compiler Features seems like the most appropriate section for this kind of entry. Feel free to suggest modifications.

Reviewer: Yeah, compiler features should be fine.

>  * SMTChecker: Passing all SMT tests now requires Eldarica in addition to Z3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Eldarica is now required in addition to Z3 in order for all of the SMT tests to pass.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

>  * SMTChecker: Eldarica is now required in addition to Z3 in order for all of the SMT tests to pass.

Reviewer 2: This should be mentioned in the docs. And not only in SMT docs but also on the page about installing the compiler and contributing.
